---
title: Patents
subtitle: with full-text PDF, BibTex 
permalink: /patents/
---
##### System and method to generate augmented training data for neural network
Qilin Zhang, Yinwei Zhang, Biao Zhang and Jorge VIDAL-RIBAS, "System and method to generate augmented training data for neural network", Patent Pending, International Publication Number: WO 2022/265644 A1 [[Google Patents Link]](https://patents.google.com/patent/WO2022265644A1/)  
*A robotic system capable of being trained with a plurality of images that are synthetically augmented from an initial image data set includes a training system toward that end. An image augmentation system includes in one form a neural network trained to generate synthetic images using a generative adversarial network which includes the ability to synthesize images having various poses with adjustments to image parameters such as light and color among potential others. In another form the image augmentation system includes a set of images projected or transformed from its original pose to a number of different poses using an affine transform, and the ability to progress across an entire dimensional space of anticipated robot movements which produce various potential poses.*


##### Robotic sytems and methods used to update training of a neural network based upon neural network outputs
Yinwei Zhang, Qilin Zhang, Biao Zhang and Jorge VIDAL-RIBAS, "Robotic sytems and methods used to update training of a neural network based upon neural network outputs", Patent Pending, International Publication Number: WO 2022/265643 A1 [[Google Patents Link]](https://patents.google.com/patent/WO2022265643A1/)   
*A robotic system for use in installing final trim and assembly part includes an auto-labeling system that combines images of a primary component, such as a vehicle, with those of computer based model, where feature based object tracking methods are used to compare the two. In some forms a camera can be mounted to a moveable robot, while in other the camera can be fixed in position relative to the robot. An artificial marker can be used in some forms. Robot movement tracking can also be used. A runtime operation can utilize a deep learning network to augment feature-based object tracking to aid in initializing a pose of the vehicle as well as an aid in restoring tracking if lost.*

##### AUTOMATIC LOCALIZATION GEOMETRY GENERATOR FOR STRIPE-SHAPED OBJECTS
Qilin Zhang, Xiang Ma, Xin Chen, Sanjay Sood, Mark Tabb and Chen Luo, "Automatic localization geometry generator for stripe-shaped objects", US Patent 10,699,135 2020 [[Google Patents Link]](https://patents.google.com/patent/US10699135B2/en), [[PDF]](https://qilin-zhang.github.io/_pages/pdfs/US10699135.pdf?raw=true), [[BibTex]](https://qilin-zhang.github.io/_pages/bibtexs/zhang2020automatic.txt?raw=true)  
*Apparatus and methods are described for generating geometries for stripe-shaped objects. An image is identified that includes a roadway having one or more stripe-shaped objects. The stripe-shaped objects may include lane lines for road edges or lanes of the roadway. The stripe-shaped objects may include a barrier. At least one targeted region within the image is determined. The at least one targeted region is shaped to intersect the one or more stripe-shaped objects and includes a plurality of pixels. An image analysis is performed on the image to determine when the at least one target region includes a pixel in common with the one or more stripe-shaped objects. A geometry is constructed using the pixel in common. The geometry may be used to update a map or subsequently perform localization.*

